Add illustration for lazy storage field (#161)
paritytech/ink-docs: i18n/es/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/datastructures/storage-layout.md

[`Lazy`](https://paritytech.github.io/ink/ink/storage/struct.Lazy.html) primitive.
Wrapping any storage field inside a `Lazy` struct makes the storage
struct in which that field appears also
non-`Packed`, preventing it from being eagerly loaded during arbitrary storage operations:

<div class="schema">
    <img src="/img/storage-layout.svg" alt="Storage Organization: Layout with a Lazy field" />
</div>

Note that in above illustration, the key of `0x12345678` just serves as an example; we'll 
learn more about storage key calculation 

> [later in this chapter](https://use.ink/datastructures/storage-layout#manual-vs-automatic-key-generation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[later in this chapter](/es/datastructures/storage-layout#manual-vs-automatic-key-generation).
```
